docs: add more troubleshooting notes (#2684)
LizardByte/Sunshine: docs/source/troubleshooting/linux.rst

      sudo setcap -r $(readlink -f $(which sunshine))

> Note that the above command will not work with the AppImage or Flatpak packages.
> Please refer to the :ref:`Setup guide <about/setup:Install>` for more
> specific instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: The above command will not work with the AppImage or Flatpak packages.
Please refer to the :ref:`Setup guide <about/setup:Install>` for more
specific instructions.
```

AMD encoding latency issues
---------------------------
If you notice unexpectedly high encoding latencies (e.g. in Moolight's
performance overlay) or strong fluctuations thereof, this is due to
`missing support <https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/drm/amd/-/issues/3336>`_
in Mesa/libva for AMD's low latency encoder mode. This is particularly
problematic at higher resolutions (4K).

As of now this can only be fixed by recompiling Mesa with a test patch (see

> gitlab issue) that unconditionally enables a low latency tuning mode for all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
url above) that unconditionally enables a low latency tuning mode for all
```

It won't be obvious that the `missing support` url is for a gitlab issue.
